So now let's talk about
the Multi-Attach feature of the EBS volumes.
So as the name indicates,
the Multi-Attach feature allows you to attach
the same EBS volume to multiple EC2 instances
in the same availability zone.
So what does that mean?
That means that, well,
we have multiple EC2 instances,
and we have an io2 volume
with the Multi-Attach feature enabled.
Then this volume can be attached
to multiple EC2 instances at a time,
which is something that is only available
for the io1 and the io2 family of EBS volumes.
Now, each instance will have
full read and write permissions
to the high-performance volume.
And so that means that they can all
write and read at the same time.
So the use case for this is
you have higher application availability
in case of a clustered Linux application,
for example, using Teradata,
or if your application must manage
concurrent rights operation.
So just so you know,
this Multi-Attach feature is only available
from within a specified availability zone, of course.
It doesn't allow you to attach an EBS volume
from one AZ to another AZ.
Another limitation of Multi-Attach is
that it is up to 16 EC2 instances at a time
that can be attaching the same volume.
And this is something you have to know for the exam,
so be careful to that 16 number.
Finally, for it to work,
you must use a file system
that is going to be cluster-aware.
So it's a different file system than XFS or EX4.
And this is just a little bit more details,
but in case you wanted to use this feature, now you know.
Okay, that's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it.
And then we'll see you in the next lecture.